and we're live what's going on brother
how are you I'm awesome man it's good to
be here good to have you here man thank
you I've never had a guy coming wear his
own hat and his own t-shirt you're
number one you're the first I'm I'm
surprised by that given how many
podcasts you've done but that's how I
roll
I don't know if anybody's ever come in
wearing their own shirt Jamie
any thoughts someone has to have I just
can't recall it yeah no definitely no
one is worn their own hat in their own
shirt oh yeah maybe Edie's worn his own
shirt but that's a tent plant shirt that
doesn't totally count
it's a shirt with my face on it too so
that's a triple whammy all right maybe I
don't know I don't think so maybe anyway
what's going on man how long you here
for
I'm all good man I'm in LA for two weeks
it's my very first time here so I just
got here two days ago
so just let me so Canada what's the
mindfuck like it's crazy huh it's weird
man I feel like I was driving her I was
driving around in an uber and it feels
like GTA I think more like GTA feels
like LA cuz that's what it's based on
but uh it was just kind of trippy and
there's levels to the game right the the
top level of the game is probably either
like Singapore Beijing or Mexico City in
terms of Mexico City is the only thing
that I've ever seen that's more chaotic
than LA but la is it's it's right up
there yeah I think Lagos is more chaotic
Lagos Lagos Nigeria I've never been okay
that's more chaos yeah in Cairo I think
they're definitely more chaotic jairo
Egypt really yeah I found the more
chaotic
well Cairo man I would love to go to
Cairo but I just I am nervous about
traveling to Egypt
I keep hearing but I keep hearing two
stories from people that go all the time
like Egyptologists it's amazing amazing
don't worry about it
the worst thing you have to deal with
this constant beggars and then hear from
other people fuck that don't go there
it's catchy yeah I haven't even been for
a long time when I went it was when I
was a kid oh yeah but Lagos I've been to
more recently and it's certainly more
hectic and chaotic and I think you're
here it's just it's just interesting
it's very very very spread out and just
seeing yeah it's people driving
everywhere and
much public transport and all that even
compared to other cities in in the u.s.
it just seems like a totally different
vibe but I like it yeah there's just too
many people stuffed into one area and
everyone's driving or they're in an uber
so someone else is driving them so yeah
just constant driving
yeah but I'm happy to be here man a
little bit surreal but it's cool yeah
I'm sure right so what are you doing on
here I'm doing I'm doing this I was on
the Reuben report yesterday actually
I've got got a whole bunch of guys that
conservative guy that conservative guy
that got a on blazed TV yeah story they
wrote about him he responded he's like
I'm Pro gay marriage
Pro weed legalization Pro prison reform
Pro immigration pro all these different
things and yet people are calling them
conservative well you know we live in a
times where everyone's saying is
right-wing so so it let it be so high
don't know well if you're not as
progressive as humanly possible you're
alright well yeah exactly pretty much
I've seen all sorts of titles levied on
to everybody including including
yourself so yeah for people don't know
zoobi won the World Championships and
women's powerlifting you identified as a
woman for a brief period of time yeah
nine second left all you have to do yeah
I mean this is the world we live in
dude that that thing blew the internet
off but it's crazy I'm saying how far it
went mad yeah I know I saw that people
there it is yeah yes I identify as a
woman whilst lifting the weight don't be
a bigot you know I think I think when
you first talked about that I had like
40,000 followers it's now well over 100
and 115 and when I posted it I had
15,000 followers so I've gained a
hundred and I've gained like yeah like
105 felt one hundred five thousand
followers it worked as video
congratulations yeah thanks man really
does highlight how preposterous these
new world rules that we have and
regarding gender but to their credit the
u.s. powerlifting Federation I believe
that's the name of the organization they
just banned transgender women from
competing okay they just said out rap
just flat there's enough enough of that
I think if you want to compete I don't
think this
anything wrong with transgender women
competing but I think they should
compete against transgender women just
like how we have men compete against men
and we have women compete against women
let's have transgender women compete
against transgender women let's not deny
science and biology yes to make people
feel better and just to support some
strange progressive ideology yeah I
think if they if the goal is that's why
I think the goal is more about it's more
ideologically driven then I think it is
actual inclusion driven because if it's
just about inclusion then yeah you can
either just have an open category like
most men's categories already are
they're not actually restricted to men
it's just you know the best of the best
so anyone can do this so either that or
if there are enough athletes in whatever
the given sport or competition is then
yeah you can just have a different a
different category and that way everyone
can be included without stepping on the
feet of half the population that's a
bold move by the men so anybody can be
in here that's how it is in pool you
know men can't compete in the women's
division of pool but women can compete
in the men's division yeah it's the same
in most sports most people aren't aware
that most people think that they're they
have specific restrictions saying only
men can do them but that's actually
quite rare well there's a lot of
successful female to male athletes
working females transition to males and
dominate male sports okay what is this
what is going on well have you seen this
there's a soccer player's wants to be an
NFL as a kicker because she there's a
video of her doing a place kick of a 55
yard or yard field goal recently that's
incredible that's really far no one
coming out or anything was just like in
practice but she nailed it which is
pretty far yes
well can you tackle kickers they can get
hit yeah they're not during the actual
play of the kick they're not supposed to
be touched but for sure they're in the
play of the field so mmm well that's
fucked up that's not good that's where
the problem is Carla love yeah yeah but
stop yeah it's a bad idea oh oh by the
way I brought a couple things for you
man yeah so that's is it a zubi t-shirt
so my latest album that is zubi t-shirt
that one actually glows in the dark
in the dark if it has the back hopefully
it'll does it kill Turtles not that
aggressively and that's uh my a new
fitness book there's no you have a boy
you are it you already shit it is is it
basically workout routines and yeah it's
just giving people what they need to
know about a nutrition training mindset
motivation I just wanted to keep it
brief and concise all the stuff that I
think is most important that people need
to know whether they're beginners or
intermediates oh this is a good sized
book to read yeah I put it out first as
an e-book but then um a lot of people
ask me to do a physical copy so oh
that's cool did those just before
leaving the UK and they've essentially
sold out already nice congratulations on
that all you lazy fucks get out there
this is a good book for you because it's
short you don't have to look people see
a fat book too much work but this is not
even a hundred pages yes six what is it
ninety three page 93 boom so there you
go
there we go strong you know quick it all
benefit what is your background
athletically athletically um I used to
actually play rugby yeah so I don't know
how much you know about my background so
I was born in the UK I grew up in Saudi
Arabia so when I lived yeah when I lived
in Saudi I used to play baseball and
football or what you guys would call
soccer and those were my sort of main
sports I also did swimming and a bunch
of other things and then I went to the
UK for boarding school actually when I
was eleven years old and there's no
there's no baseball there so I yeah
rugby became my main sport I started
playing rugby when I was 11 years old
and I played that all the way through
the university and I got into just
lifting weights and stuff when I was in
my mid-teens I have a friend who's
British and he says that that is way
more common in in Europe and the UK
sending kids off to boarding school yeah
I do I do think so I mean with me it was
largely because I was in the American
school system in Saudi Arabia so after
fifth grade because there's a little bit
of a transition between the two systems
there they're quite different so it was
thought that if I'd stayed all the way
up until ninth grade then it would be a
little bit difficult for me to
transition into the British school
system and university system
so my parents decided when I was 11 same
with my my older siblings like we all
went to boarding school when we were
pretty young so yeah Kim came back over
to the UK and was kind of back and forth
between the two countries for several
years and yeah did things that way but
um well you was you're down to
militarism no my dad's actually a
medical doctor oh yeah he's a medical
doctor but um he works for own a big oil
company out in Saudi so we lived there
for a couple of you know two decades
pretty mom was that like I enjoyed
growing up in Saudi man really yeah yeah
I actually really liked it
it's weird it reminds me of La Vie I'm
being serious yes if there are then you
don't really don't really see them now
but just I think the heat and the way
the way the roads are the way it looks
actually yeah because if you live like
where I lived was sort of an expat
community basically so we live kind of
in a compound so where I lived it was a
little bit of a little bit of a bubble
and then outside of that you kind of got
what what I'd call the real the real
Saudi so if you go out into the city or
you want to go shopping or something
like that then you're out there in the
real city so it's very very different
it's interesting with me because my
family backgrounds originally from
Nigeria but then I was born in England I
live in England now but I lived in Saudi
Arabia for 19 years or so so I've kind
of had exposure a lot to three different
three very different cultures and ways
of doing things and even laws and just
the way society is structured and stuff
like that so I think it's given me a
pretty interesting and unique
perspective on quite a lot of things
yeah what a broad range of culture that
you've been exposed to that's that's
pretty fucking cool
yeah Nigeria is a strange spot because
I've never I've never been but when you
look at the numbers of successful
immigrants like businessmen and people
that have come over from Nigeria and how
industrious they are and then you look
at how many successful Nigerian scammers
there are it's a wise very clever place
you got the email from the prince - huh
I didn't get it I have but the one I was
thinking about was Jaime was telling me
a story yesterday about it
who would he sell they sold a
non-existent Bank Airport Airport the
other Bank
- that's right he sold a non-existent
Airport to a better there's been several
stories over the last couple of weeks
about Nigerian scammers making big
scores yeah there's one that I think
closed down a Brazilian bank it took so
much of their money but the bank had to
show the bank had to shut down what is
it about Nigeria why are they so good at
that
a lot a lot of smart and enterprising
people and I think if that's channeled
in the right way then that's a very good
thing well I think some people obviously
there's the resources are very limited
so they're they're deciding to just go
dark and scam people but as a person who
hasn't been a victim of this it's quite
amusing
yeah if you see if you see some of the
stuff that that can get pulled off it's
uh it's quite impressive is it is very
much like men it's actually 330
equivalent to American dollars 3 on 30
million it happened in the 90s though I
guess the story's just now going around
okay the reason what happened in the 90s
which is what this says con man once
sold an airport that didn't exist for
330 million now for stop and think about
that 330 million in the 90s is probably
like 600 million today or something
fuckin bananas
yeah that's larious yeah listen there's
some crazy stuff that Nigerian fraudster
and con artist Emmanuel howdy spell how
do you pronounce his last name n Wude
Moody
maybe moody no say it again moody I
guess something like that what are you
you starting with a M how do you say uh
moody with an N but Emanuel but how are
you doing it it's it's an N but it's the
pronunciation is a little bit different
say it again Moody well it sounds to me
what you say moody no it's it's an N go
I'm cause we are weirdly enough that
guy's name is two letters off my actual
first name really yeah my until my first
real first name is in zoo bay well which
is spelled n z ube so that's actually
two letters different so you just said
zoo B would be a little bit more yeah
he's just easy just easier it's cool
name to no one no one has that yeah
thank you I've never heard of so he
pulled off the third-largest con in
history by selling a non-existent
airport to Brazilian bank for 250
million u.s. dollars before Nigerian
internet scams became synonymous with
your original early 2000s email account
mood day to do it yeah close enough
thank you successfully convinced an
unassuming bank manager by the name of
Nelson
Sakaguchi that he was selling a
yet-to-be-built
airport for a price of 330 million
dollars as the former director of the
Union Bank of Nigeria himself moody was
privy to confidential information that
was crucial to him pulling off his long
con also he knew shit about banking mmm
using the information he imper then
impersonated the governor of Central
Bank of Nigeria at the time Paul okay
here's another one
Paul Oguma Oguma Oguma Okuma so you
wouldn't go womb ah it's a goo MA aguma
Oguma and connected with sakaguchi we
need steve aoki comeback name to inform
him of a mouth-watering deal Nigeria's
plan to build a brand-new airport in
another one Abuja Abuja Oh Cass the
capital to juice it up a bit for poor
sakaguchi moody promised the head of the
Brazilian of the Brazilian bank a
commission fee to the tune of 10 million
US dollars if the deal was approved to
get it over the line Sakaguchi paid 191
million in cash as you do and the
remainder in the form of outstanding
interest awaited patiently for the
construction of said airport well Wow
that's the kind of thing you can only
pull off once huh yeah if you get that
guy again I saw a guy that got scammed
and there was a documentary about it was
it was a television show rather it was
really sad because he was a dude who was
an older gentleman looked like he was in
his 60s and he was convinced that there
was this woman who was you know his love
and she lived in Europe and he travelled
there and he was sending her money and
the whole deal and he traveled there
twice to meet her and both times she
couldn't see him both times well but he
still believed and his daughter was like
I don't know what the fuck to do this
guy really believes and you could see
had this lost look in his eye when he
really believed that there was a woman
over there that was corresponding with
him back and forth and he was sending
her money sent her a lot of money yeah I
think it was more than a hundred
thousand dollars where I remember
correctly and he really believed that
she was gonna be there for him and then
when you went over there something came
up and I couldn't meet them and yeah
it's weird with stuff like this I always
feel like in in some way you kind of
feel sad for the person but in another
kind of like what what were you thinking
how do you bounce back from that like
people hit some lows yeah people hit
some lows in life how do you bounce back
from thinking that there's a girl in
Europe that's gonna be your love and
sending her a hundred thousand dollars
and traveling over there twice mmm and
getting duped both times and then how do
you bounce back from that and the first
thing you should do is not tell anybody
like take take the El without just in
quiet justice just take it take it
quietly and privately and don't uh don't
tell people
his daughter knew about it okay so it
was like and then the camera crew I mean
this motherfucker brought Cameron home I
don't know why I think the show I very
vaguely remember this and I think it was
about ten years ago I think the show was
all about people that were getting
scammed okay it was about why people get
scammed and what you know what is it
that makes people believe ridiculous
things yeah but when it comes to romance
and money those are the two where people
get greedy yeah I was literally gonna
say it's greed it's greed because only
greedy people can fall for some of those
things I mean you see some of those
scams and it'll come through saying okay
I've just inherited 30 million dollars
and I need somebody in the US with a US
bank account to you help me out with
this and I'll give you a 10% cut and you
know that should raise a lot of red
flags for anybody who's kind of thinking
with that with a head on straight that's
true but if you pay attention to
televangelists do you have those in the
UK not like the ones in the u.s. in the
US it's another level
yeah yes it's another level man
everything's another level over here
yeah everything's bigger yeah including
I mean you get those megachurches and I
don't there's probably one or two mega
churches out there in the UK or in
Europe in general but not one or two
that's it I don't know I'm not even
aware of any I'm kind of hedging my bets
saying that's probably a couple but I'm
not aware of any nominees mega churches
do you think we have in America how many
do you think we just have in Texas yeah
Texas might have a million of them
because I mean the guys who run those
things they're like I mean Dave
themselves yeah though themselves are
celebrities right yeah there's at least
10 because it says here's an article
about the ten largest so in Texas yeah
in just in Texas Wow yeah those things
Holstein guy he's a fucking baller and a
half he's got private jets and mansions
and he he bought a stadium he bought a
sports stadium and converted it into his
gigantic metric parently a megachurch is
defined as a church with over 2,000
members over 2,000 and there's a parent
10% and at least 200 Texas yeah and
everyone's given 10% or at least most of
them are given 10% right tithing
correctly what is the how many do you
think there are nationwide let's say you
guess how many mega mega churches are
there in America so do we know how many
there are in Texas that's just 10
biggest in Texas at least 200 in Texas
200 and 200 in Texas 200 people ripping
people off 200 if there's 200 in Texas
wow I must say 3,000 nationwide I was
gonna say you're gonna say 3,000 3,000
mega churches nationwide
yeah I'd approximate around that man I'd
approximate around that what do you
think Jamie you got your hand on Google
though don't be cheating no too late I'm
already on yeah cuz I'd imagine some
states don't have any what did you think
it was gonna be Jamie a couple hundred
five hundred but this is it love I don't
know I didn't think there's that many
that's somewhere in the range of well so
since it's two thousand that seems low
because like I went to Catholic Church
and there
two more 2000 people some of those
churches right but they're saying mega
churches right yeah that's a thousand
members are in the church uh well I mean
maybe they just think two thousand
scammers
but it says there's thirteen hundred
such Protestant churches but then it
goes into like there's three thousand
individual Catholic parishes that have
more than two thousand people so hmm
it gets to where that's what's in it I
think several thousand like the big
building I think there are large
churches that are legitimate yeah like
they're really following the Christian
doctrine and they're really holding real
services and they're really wanting good
for people and then there's those dudes
that have the super expensive tailored
suits and drive it around and rolls from
prosperity gospel they call prosperity
gospel if you if you give then you'll
get see what I have you will get what I
have yes you bring me your money yeah
it's um I've got the flying oh wow
Mississippi pastor dubbed the flying
pastor glides into Christmas service
he's gliding in with an angel outfit on
please rewind nothing along he's getting
outfit on
he's flying from the sky oh my god
that's a that's a good move okay because
now everybody knows about this move I
was bringing chicks is that Beyonce
spinning around yeah you know pink had
one of them goddamn things no she didn't
she was doing aerial those milkfish fell
oh really
walked herself up really bad like she
had like internal bleeding and fluid in
her lungs yeah it was bad
well ya know these these megachurches
thing like I think you know a church
like you said it with a congregation of
over two thousand people if they're
sticking to the script and doing what
they're meant to be doing and not trying
to yeah at least their least their
congregation and absolutely nothing
wrong with that it's um the ones who use
their position of power and their cult
of personality to then just and rich
themselves at the expense of their
congregation those are the people I
think God's going to be having a serious
word with God's gonna be very mad
I don't think it's interesting that they
like the Nigerian scammers they're just
playing off of weak Minds they've just
tapped into this group of humans that's
gullible and believes nonsense and they
know how to they know how to pull those
strings yeah I think it's like I say
when I say I think God is gonna be
having a word with those people I mean
that I mean that very seriously because
I think it's you know it's one thing
ripping people off or doing some kind of
scam or deception or something it's
another one using the power of religion
to do so where you know that this is
what these people believe and you're in
this position of power and you're now
just using that authority to you know
buy yourself a new new Bentleys and I
mean wasn't there one where um what's
that guy's name is it creflo dollar yeah
well he think he had um I think he had a
g4 yeah he own yeah he won yeah and he
he he did basically like a crowdfunding
appeal to his congregation yeah saying
that his pride his current private jet
is the old model and he needs the new
model and he crowdfunded I think to get
the G but I saw this thing I was just
like oh my gosh you shameless you famous
like I bet Taylor Swift could crowd fund
a private jet it's ridiculous as it
sounds probably if you just were
shameless yeah if you just like I don't
give a fuck I need a private jet I want
y'all to buy it for me here's the link
I think that's shameless but to say
you're gonna do this and you're gonna go
to heaven because you did this that's it
well his whole thing's the prosperity
gospel that so I'm I'm sure there was
something in there you know be generous
now and you know you'll be rewarded
later clear this creflo dollar would get
seventy million dollar Gulfstream g650
yeah that's not right man oh so so
somehow or another he crowdfunded
seventy million dollars is that real did
you really get that much money that is a
lot of money that's jet why do they cost
so much they're made out of metal well
they made out what's going on in there
that's so much money how is that seventy
million dollars like if that was a car
right a same shape
you'd be like well it's nice car in the
air it does fly get it fucking air I
understand but how much different is it
it's a lot that goes it safely goes in
there right but but how much different
is if a still did very fast right it's
definitely different but how much
different because if a car was that big
if a car was that big it was a dopest
car ever like a Bentley maiya bus let's
just say it was a million dollars if
they like right I think the new Bugatti
is like twelve million dollars something
like yeah but that's a different kind of
animal right because that first of all
that shouldn't be twelve million dollars
they're fucking people right now but
also they broke world records like the
new Bugatti hit three hundred and four
miles an hour which was insane that is
insane how fast that is I personally
don't like them I don't like the way
they look I think they look kind of
gross there's a if you bought there's a
different size just thinking if you
bought a Bugatti you get to drive it you
buy this plane you don't get to fly it
that's true unless you take the lessons
well would you want if you're gonna say
yeah I think if you're gonna spend
seventy million dollars on a plane I
don't think you should be one of the one
flying it I think you should have some
system staff asking price sixty seven
million nine hundred and fifty thousand
dollars that's a stage where they just
round it up to seventy what does this a
total hours 1616 and you don't want to
use death landings oh so this is my time
just one they're all use yeah but they
don't make lots of new ones box it gets
passed around and yeah it was made
December 16 2014 yeah it's a five year
old jet and it's still 67 nine so I make
sure the interiors clean total land age
625 that fucking thing with a bus when I
was those blue lights what is it black
light
yeah oh my god just splatters of jizz
all this year you get dan Bilzerian jet
it's coke in between the seeds just come
everywhere Dan's beard hairs everywhere
you go you're picking up beard hairs
definitely mixed you're a pastor
that one yeah I mean what what are the
what's the building cost of making a jet
like that it's amazing they retain their
value to if I yacht is way more like
super yachts you know hundreds of
millions of dollars working great yeah
yeah I know some guys the four Titas
that own the UFC they have some
preposterous yacht I saw Steve Jobs
yacht after he was dead in Italy it was
yeah it was in on the road in Italy and
the guy was with pointed out to me and
it looks like an apple store looks like
a floating apple store what's it okay oh
damn floating apple store doesn't it
floating apples yeah it looks weird
and the back is weird talk about
everything is run with IMAX like yeah
that's how it looks and if you look like
in the back windows it's like everything
seen it really seems like an Apple store
and everything is run with IMAX it's
just those IMAX screens are all over the
place hmm interesting
yeah Google needs to step it up develop
an Android boat entry boat it's a cool
looking boat but yeah not much that
fucking thing cost that had to cost five
hundred million dollars or something
ridiculous yeah gotta step up games ubi
yeah man 100 million 100 pounds yeah oh
yeah what is a euros to pounds it's
almost up almost it's almost the same oh
really
almost parody now yeah but his pounds
almost double what all changes yeah your
own pounds are almost one-to-one now oh
okay yeah it's like 1.03 or something he
used to be awesome to go to Canada
because if you go to Canada your money
would go way further cuz yeah you know I
say stock was drawn the last time I came
to the States it was two to one pound
like you for every hundred dollars was
50 pounds last time I came real and now
it's like Phenom accountants is like $60
now so was fucked up yeah that breaks it
sounds taking a beating over the last
couple of years is it is it weird the
whole brexit thing over there um for
people who are really into it
I don't follow it that hard I'm kind of
just bored of it
just kind of just do something just make
your decision and while the decision
should have already been made three
years ago but just execute it like let's
go let's get out of here what's the
general consensus of like your friends
and people that you hang out with over
there people I hang out with those who
live in London are primarily on the
remain side those who live outside of
London primarily on the on the leave
side oh so it's an urban thing like the
United States yeah so like the cities
are anti-trump mm-hm in the farm areas
yeah so if you if you imagine like
London and the South East are more
equivalent kind of like the the coastal
cities mmm Pacific Northwest of the US
in terms of being much far more liberal
in general and being more Pro you and
pro remain whereas if you go outside of
that if you go up north or to the
Midlands or anything like that then
people are yeah I guess both more
conservative I guess in a way and also a
lot more NTEU in general sentiment hmm
so a lot of the people in London and
around London work totally blindsided by
the brexit vote in the same way that a
lot of people I imagine live in Los
Angeles in New York were blindsided by
the Trump presidency
yeah yeah yeah have you ever seen the
girl with the sock hat on oh yes of
course yeah I've seen her yeah well I
watched that one on when I'm feeling a
little down I watched the Trump reaction
video that seems to sort of embody at
the beginning of the chaos that has
ensued because things were kind of
squirrelly before Trump was elected yeah
but now they're just off the reservation
yeah well that's part of how he got
elected I mean I was what I remember in
2015 before he even won the Republican
nomination and I was talking to people
both friends and family and saying I
think he has a good chance of winning
and people were looking at me like I was
like I was smoking something yeah I'm
annoyed I didn't put any money on it
because at the time was her gambling
online gambling yeah I think the first
time at the time I first said it I think
it was I want to say like forty to one
or fifty to one or something ridiculous
like that I called it on my Netflix
special wouldn't get the fuck yeah
I'm like we are that close to President
Trump like yeah yeah well you you travel
the country right so I think your
perspective is gonna be a lot more
balanced and actually accurate well also
what I really don't realize the problems
with Hillary like she's that I don't
think I think that if they had gone with
Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders could
really want a really thinking good one
he could have beaten Trump yeah I don't
think Hillary is ever gonna win she's
got too many skeletons there's too many
things you can point to
there's too much too much madness too
much smoke
yeah there's way too much weight just
way too much yeah it's been going on
like most of my life - that's that's the
thing is like this isn't a new person
she's been involved in this thing for
decades yeah and then when the the
actual DNC was rigging the primaries
against Bernie and Donna Brazile wrote
about it in her book and it's that dirty
organization it's dirty yeah and she
just that's the thing people always
forget with Trump is people are always
how did he win or why did I do wonder
what and it's like you also have to
consider like there's all the factors in
his favor but there's also I mean who he
was running against that's a big part of
it yeah that's that's that's a big part
of it so people are acting acting as if
the alternative was so much better or
something and I'm like they found out
but it wasn't so they fucked up Bernie
could have won I really I really think
could have won mmm it would have
certainly been more interesting because
I know a lot of the Bernie people went
over to trump yes you know as time goes
on one of the things that I've been
noticing and I watched a David Pakman
video the other day where David pack
once pointing out Trump slurring his
speech and I had no idea it was that bad
okay I haven't seen it I hadn't seen it
there was one time where he literally
literally like he's fighting through
like safety someone puts you on pain
medication they said hey zubi you got to
make a phone call
yeah oh this is really important him
talk to a bank maybe like you know that
was me have you god bless america
like have you ever seen the video of him
no no dude and it's not edited or no no
no no no no it's he has a really hard
time saying god bless america
an attack been pointed out it looks like
he's like wrestling with
tongue hmm something wrong Oh fair
enough I mean now when I see him I mean
that guy's got some crazy energy for how
old is he 70 73 73 yeah guys got some
guys got energy
yeah it's called pills you know you need
to fucking hop your grandma up on
fucking speed to cheat all kinds of shit
it's legal doctor doc I'm suffering
I've got fatigue I have a chronic
fatigue and the doctor go well good
thing for you we've got a thing called
adderall and make sense knows it's
something man yeah it's something I mean
we've talked about it on the podcast too
much I don't repeat myself yeah but I
really do believe that he's on some kind
of stimulant yeah he's been on something
in the past there was allegedly a
pharmacy in New York that was
prescribing him diet pills for years and
some journalist uncovered the whole
thing he's not surprised yeah look I
know a lot of people on it man some of
them that are functional some of them
that are off the fucking charts crazy
because of it is the video yeah this is
the video but just play the one where
you see him slurring his words yeah back
up a little bit right there play that
listen to this our hearts and minds to
possible and possibilities and finally I
asked the leaders of the region
politically religious Israeli and
Palestinian Jewish and Christian and
Muslim to join us in the noble quest for
lasting peace thank you god bless you
god bless Israel god bless the
Palestinians and god bless the United
States thank you very much there's the
last couple words there bro yeah that is
listen to you yeah now listen to him
yeah listen to you now listen to him
that's a guy who's hopped up on
something
yeah he's hopped up on something or he's
dying it could have been drinking he's
having it he doesn't drive he doesn't
drink doesn't know that's cool drinking
gets in the way of pills bro gonna slow
down the pills you here for progress
we're here to complete tasks and set
goals and conquer
and make America great again mega the
way he was campaigning with the amount
of energy that that dude had I mean you
gotta assume for a seven-year-old man
they've they got a medicated on some
shit
yeah it's entirely possible negated
people yeah we were talking about who
the fuck was it that told us about
Hitler but Hitler with the we're I
remember who brought it up first but
it's a bit like three weeks ago now yeah
Hitler when he went to meet Mussolini he
was apparently super exhausted so they
pumped him up with steroids and cocaine
the cocaine they injected him with
steroids and cocaine and then he liked
it so much he asked for a second dose
and they thought I was gonna kill him
and he said give it to me and then they
he went to visit Mussolini apparently
chewed Mussolini's ear off for 5 hours
Mussolini was apparently thinking about
getting out of the war and Hitler talked
him out of it
just fucking spit and Koch talk Adam
Mukherjee is the worst thing you can
give to that guy that's a fucking Ric
Flair I'm a good man yeah I mean I think
they've done that to people forever
apparently that was the case with
Kennedy Kennedy they would shoot him up
with em feta means really yeah see if he
can find that what just to keep his
energy levels okay Kennedy was very sick
apparently before he died and he had
severe back pains like he was he was
really banged up and he had some sort of
a disease I don't know what the disease
was but during much of his presidency
they would put him on and feta means to
keep him active they didn't think about
the consequences of those things back
then I don't think they truly understood
addiction back then I don't think they
truly understood look the way it affects
your decision-making process well that's
back when they used to just you know
advertise heroin in the newspaper and
stuff as a sort of in the 60s not when
was that when was that what we did was
that alone they used to just you look
and you look in the papers and they just
have like such-and-such heroin that take
this er and when they still give women
tapeworm eggs as diet pills and yeah
those were the original diet pills right
they used to give a women a tapeworm
eggs so you you ingest it and then
obviously the tapeworm grows inside of
you and eats all the food and you lose
weight we have so much to talk about
let's find out
Kenny first so we've heard of dr.
feelgood
that's who his doctor was dr. max
Jacobson was injecting him and his wife
and a list of other people I thought it
was a Motley Crue song okay dr. Jacobs
oh my god
mmm here we go what does it say here the
most scrolled up a little bit the most
famous doctor patients were President
and mrs. Kennedy dr. Jacobson frequently
visited the White House and often travel
with the Kennedys in 1961 for example he
went with the president to Vienna for a
summit meeting with Khrushchev and dr.
Jacobson said an interview gave the
president injections there in addition
to the Kennedys other persons who are
patients of the doctor included Truman
Capote Cecil B DeMille Eddie Fisher alan
jay lerner i don't know that is
representative Claude pepper of Florida
blah blah blah bunch of other
politicians from and Tennessee Williams
Wow
including included among the number of a
number of other prominent patients of
dr. Jacobson have been a bunch of other
famous people blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah
an extensive inquiry also turned up the
names of well over 100 others in ranking
positions in government journalism
finance industry Society and several
entertainment fields who are said to be
patients of dr. Jacobson but who could
not be confirmed as such what does it
say about okay it cannot be said with
certainty that the Kennedys or with a
few exceptions any other specific
patient received em fetta mean it is
known however that dr. Jacobson uses
unusually large amounts of amphetamine
in his practice the doctor's office
reported that dr. Jacobson buys
amphetamine at the rate of 80 grams a
month that is enough to make 100 fairly
strong doses of 25 milligrams every day
hmm
so he's got a hundred people taking
hardcore doses of amphetamines every day
25 milligrams apparently they're saying
it's a big dose I don't know I mean is
it a lot okay if you just take an
adderall she was like 10 to 20 max
sometimes people that are crazy get 45
your fucking grinded enamel
that's objected to whoa right to the
source
fuck stomach acids get in the blood baby
well yeah I think it's been going on
forever yeah it seems like it well I
mean it's about energy right like look
at poor fucking Joe Biden that poor
bastard you've been paying attention to
him a little bit he's bleeding from the
eyes yeah I saw that on TV is that I
just start bleeding yeah well I want to
see a million he's a million years old
he's only like 78 or some shit he's not
that much older 78 is too old to be it
is too old stool if you're that guy I
mean you could be 70 like Jack LaLanne
when he was 78 look fucking fantastic
when he was 9 he was pulling boats yeah
do you ever see that I don't get think
of science ayats it is eyeball
yeah and that's too old man you know and
for evasive answers evasive answers I
can't see fucking bleeding out of his
eyeballs that's like some Hellraiser
type shit because if you do get into
office I mean you age it like four times
the normal rate or something anyway well
he thinks he's been in office but that's
horseshit use a vice president the vice
president it's like probably the easiest
job in the world the Bryce vice
president is like slightly easier than
hosting fear factor that's what I think
you just kind of show up everybody else
does the hard work that fucking garden
that's a bear that's barely a job that's
like the best way to go into hiding
become vice president nobody gives a
shit about you okay unless something
happens the president you got to step up
yeah but nothing ever happens yes true
the only thing the only time it's ever
happened little the last time I was
Kennedy got shot it was the last time
and most likely Lyndon Johnson was in on
it oh yeah how about that
I said it no I cannot confirm nor deny
no but who knows who knows who's in on
it um that guy ain't gonna win the idea
that there they haven't pulled that guy
aside go hey Joe mmm no he's the
front-runner though right
I don't think anymore I think Bernie and
Kamala Harris are very close so Trump is
should win really but because tulsi
gabbard shut down Kamala Harris you know
yeah they pushed her out of the debates
even though on multiple polls she has
enough support to be in the debates
they're excluding her from the debates
because she attacked camel
Harris and rightly so and accurately hmm
I think she's on the wrong I think she's
on the wrong side I think she's in the
wrong party I think she should be a
republic I do yeah Wow yeah why she's
not on these Democratic ideas though
yeah that's true but given the way the
Democratic Party is going now I think
she's far too sensible for them hmm I
don't think so
I don't know I think they'll come around
maybe if she doesn't win this term she
will be president some death okay I
really do
yes I watched I watched your watched and
listened to your podcast with her so
that was interesting I've seen enough
sue I saw that one I saw that Andrew
yang one as well and I think it would be
awesome if we had a legitimate badass
woman president mm-hmm I think she's the
one I can do it I think it'll it all
certainly happened eventually no
question I don't know next next time I
don't know you know I don't like to make
public predictions I do think if things
keep going the way they will I do think
Trump will take it fairly easily if they
let Joe Biden get to the front Trump's
gonna win yeah Trump lead him
yeah he'll chew him up sleepy Joe Trump
will be grinded fuck it spitting out
fillings I mean fucking a man in Trump
is a funny guy
he says funny shit it's funny he knows
how to shut people about did you see the
thing that he did though with the the
hurricane map I didn't know he was
telling people that the hurricane was
headed to Alabama like mr. president
there's no indication that hurricanes
headed to Alabama so he posts a map with
the hurricane path with a sharpie that
draws Alabama also in the path of the
map bro it's so the one I loved was yeah
oh look at this like you see the path
that hurricane and then there's a
Sharpie drawn around it okay see see
this is the original God and then you
see the left that Sharpie drawing yeah
somebody tripped Oh what was the exact
wording that you used today I saw it on
the news they're saying that like White
House officials wouldn't deny that he
didn't do it or something like that they
wouldn't deny that he did or didn't do
it so no one's saying the President did
not definitely did not draw that
he posed like give me the map oh yeah
we'll just put it here just draw a bit
where's Alabama that one okay
they didn't just add it in yeah like
guys that guy's funny man the the thing
with the Trump Tower on Greenland that
was amazing yeah actually that was funny
that tweet that was very funny but it's
you know he's uh and then you guys have
your own Trump that fucking dude Boris
Boris Johnson the Prime Minister
looks like Trump it's crazy skip the
crazy hair yeah
yeah you know I mean and he's the one
he's a pro brexit guy right yeah he was
one of the key leaders of the brexit
campaign what's happening
well backlash man backlash I understand
it completely I understand it completely
I mean yeah a lot of it like there are a
lot of different factors but that's a
pretty key one and just you know the the
condescension from people in certain
cities about the rest of the country or
all the other cities I mean you see that
it's the same thing in the US and in the
UK like I was saying I mean when you've
got people even just referring to all of
Middle America is what they call flyover
country yeah like dude you can't call
you can't say that and then this is
those people to vote it's not even just
that it's expanded even further and the
best evidences Dave Chappelle yeah Dave
Chappelle's recent sticks and stones
Netflix documentary for whatever reason
Rotten Tomatoes thought it would be a
good idea to only have it reviewed by
five super progressive critics only
critics they closed it off to the public
yeah it got zero percent on Rotten
Tomatoes they then opened it to the
public and it got ninety nine percent of
course if that doesn't show a crazy
disparity between first of all the idea
that you're gonna suppress it like
you're gonna say it's zero percent so no
one's gonna watch it and we're gonna
shut Dave Chappelle down he's canceled
buck him but people love them you can't
cancel someone who doesn't care man but
you can't cancel Dave Chappelle no you
can't but on top of that like how would
they not understand that someone is
going to know that you're not opening it
up to the public
and that once it does get open to the
public you're gonna get a massive
whiplash a backlash where people gonna
come and even if they didn't want to
vote on it now they do and now they're
gonna give it a hundred percent or 99
percent I knew I had to watch it when I
saw how all the media channel many of
the media channels that I really dislike
and do not respect we're coming so hard
at it and saying oh no you don't need to
watch it and all this although this
means I absolutely have to watch it the
Guardian gay in the UK gave it one star
and then I saw a vice saying like don't
watch it Vox saying don't watch I was
like okay this is this means that I have
to watch this this is gonna be good well
and I wasn't disappointed the influence
of a small group of your relatively
small group of human beings that are in
charge of these media conglomerates is
it's really astounding and that they
it's not just opinion right it's like
they're they're trying to get people to
behave and think the way they do it's
just yes it is activism and in this it's
also it's undisguised activism it's very
transparent activism it's in a postage
journalism I really wish there was a
place where we could go we can get 100%
unbiased information in news yeah and we
can get an honest perspective of both
sides this side believes this and this
is why they believe that but this side
believes that and this is why they
believe that it's very hard to do and if
you have a podcast one of the things
that's really interesting is if you even
talk to someone who has an opposing
point of view of yours or who is
right-wing or who maybe has some
questionable ideas you are somehow
platforming them and supporting their
idea and then supporting some alt white
alt-right ideology and there's no room
anymore for people to have conversations
with people with differing opinions and
just find out why there is there is it's
right here yeah you've you've literally
created it man seriously you you've you
and a handful of other people have
created this well it'd be a nice fact we
could go somewhere well yeah if I could
go some
I mean it's nice that I'm doing it but
you gotta trust me I don't know what the
fuck I'm doing I'm not the guy to be
distributing information I'm certainly
not the guy to be analyzing things yeah
I'm too busy okay I have too many other
jobs I got three kids I got three jobs I
got a lot of hobbies you know I'm
fucking busy all right I'm not the guy
to go to that's gonna give you an
in-depth comprehensive analysis about
the way the world works
yeah it's not gonna happen I'm not your
guy yeah but what I am is someone who's
interesting talking to people what they
should have is someone who has my I
don't wanna say my sensibilities but my
my willingness to communicate with
almost anybody yeah and then also
someone who does a real exhaustive
research does real exhaustive research
on the actual facts behind all these
critical issues they're gonna affect
everybody I don't see that anywhere
well you're not kind of you're certainly
not gonna find it on television just
because the format just doesn't allow
for that you've got the time pressure
the advertising all that it just simply
doesn't allow for it and then in you
know the way newspapers and journalism
is going I mean the stuff that's been
paying is the click Beatty sort of stuff
you know the stuff that gets people
outraged stuff that gets people fired up
highly partisan stuff it's you know
being sensible is not the in the old
media that's not what seems to be
profitable I know but is that everything
is profitability anything mean where's
real journalism yeah because I I feel
for real journalists because I do think
that they are fighting for their lives
in terms of this world like nobody I
subscribe to a few different things I
subscribe to the Washington Post in the
New York Times and a few other
periodicals online where I pay money to
read their stuff online because I think
they have valuable contributions I just
I don't think many people are doing that
there's so much free shit Vox is free
all these other places are free and so
if you're only going with free shit
you're only going to get biased stuff
and you're also only going to get
stories that are commercially viable
to the people that are making it and
what why would they be currently viable
well they got to be click
that's that's the only way you get
people to pay attention to shit that's I
think that's that's already starting to
stop working you think click baby stuff
yeah I don't know if you I mean if you
remain think back a couple years ago
where I don't know you'd go on Facebook
and you'd get all these kind of like
BuzzFeed things and you had all these
new media companies that sprung up and
sort of took advantage of the clickbait
era but people are pretty people have
become quite wise to that now I think
and people are starting to realize I
mean I think if you went back even a
decade I don't think most people thought
that the media in general was
particularly biased maybe they would
have thought ok maybe that one and that
one but not just generally now I think
if you were to survey people like a lot
of people understand that even the ones
that are supposed to be impartial things
like CNN and things like the New York
Times especially when it comes to the
opinion pieces you know people know that
those things are not just giving it to
you straight they know you're you're
getting some spin some cases you're
getting it from a totally partisan angle
and I think if people are upfront with
that if they're like look we're a
conservative news outlet look we're a
liberal left-wing news outlet and that's
the filter everything is coming through
if they're front up front about that
then you know I'm kind of like oh yeah
yeah that's that's fine but if people
claim to be unbiased or claim to be
totally impartial and just bring you the
facts without putting too much opinion
or spin on it and then you can kind of
see through that and see that's what
they're doing and they may not even know
that they're doing it right because so
many people get stuck in these echo
chambers so I don't think all of it is
necessarily on purpose but that's just
how it is and I think the vibe I'm
certainly getting I know with myself and
with other people and listening to what
people are saying is people are starting
to notice it a lot more I know you've
talked a lot about the online tech
censorship and bias and stuff like that
which is another thing that again I
think if you went back ten years ago I
don't think people thought that Facebook
or Twitter or YouTube or any of these
things were biased
whereas now in 2019 it's like okay
you've got enough examples to see okay
they're do platforming a lot of people
of certain political persuasions and
then you've got other people who are
outright calling for violence or just
saying like crazy stuff or threatening
people
and they're fine they're turning a blind
eye to it you know and it's so it's just
in your face and it's kind of like well
this isn't me being a conspiracy
theorist it's just look they've taken
off that person that person that person
that person but all these people are
still there so these rules are not being
applied fairly then that's certainly the
case and it's also certainly the case
that they're trying to manage this stuff
at scale right so they're trying to
manage like one of the things that I got
from communicating with Jack Dorsey the
head of Twitter is that you saw how many
got hacked yes when they used a very
simple way to do it SMS text because
they used to have a system we could send
texts through you know to Twitter
through text messages and they hacked it
that way yeah that was so weird I was on
Twitter when it happened I was like
scrolling through my feet I was like it
is fun right isn't it fun when someone
like Jack gets hacked
what someone like Jack is hacked it's
like wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute the guy who's the fucking head of
Twitter yeah who's been at the head of
this the helm of his controversy when it
comes to censorship it got hacked
yeah and his pin tweet is something
about how Twitter wants to open up
conversations and yes I get something
very very positive and then underneath
it it was just like whoa I think he
really does want to open up
conversations and he really does believe
that blockchain is eventually going to
have virtually every conversation that
everyone has ever had ever available for
everyone online and that the idea of
censorship is going to be preposterous
in the future and I think he's right and
I think that's one of the reasons why
his own personal philosophy is that
Twitter should essentially be a town
hall this is what he and I is when we
got into it particularly with the Tim
pool and viga yeah when we talked about
it his philosophy his personal
philosophy is that Twitter should be
available to anyone to communicate their
ideas and then it which should operate
much like the First Amendment so you
know the only thing you can't do is call
for violence and dogs be
things along that are they gonna bring
people back then they should I told him
he should they said they should and then
he said that there was a thing an idea
of a Wild West Twitter like he'd have to
Twitter's he'd have a curated Twitter
and then you have anything goes Twitter
yeah yeah bring back Alex Jones and
whoever the fuck else has been banned
who's a few people the big ones
Laura Loomer yeah all them Megan Murphy
yeah Megan Murphy's ridiculous way it's
been on my podcast I want to get her on
and we've talked about having her honor
I hope eventually I can if people don't
know the what happened she got banned
from cheese what's called the turf which
is a trans exclusionary radical
feminists mmm a trans exclusionary
that's a weird word exclusionary I don't
even say it right I say exclusionary
exclusionary radical feminists is
someone who thinks that trans women are
not women and so she has said you know
publicly that she doesn't think that
trans women should be in feminist spaces
communicating as women and so she got
into it on Twitter with someone and she
said but a man is never a woman and they
lifetime ban yeah they no they actually
told to take that down so she took it
down but she made a screenshot of it and
then she can close it up the screenshot
that said a man's never a woman and they
gave her a lifetime ban yeah which is
goddamned hilarious yeah I mean that
that's crazy I don't get the lifetime oh
we were talking about be people on Milo
as well of course
Milo you know got taken off several
years ago let see they wouldn't tell me
exactly why Milo got taken off they said
that Milo had harassed Leslie Jones but
he had he made fun of her but apparently
there were some allegations that there
was many accounts other than Milo's
connected to Milo that Milo was
operating this was the allegation I
don't know if that's true yeah and then
this is one of the reasons why they had
made the decision but that might not be
the case that might be the case of
someone saying hey we suspect that these
other accounts are also run by Milo so
it's because they wouldn't say it on the
podcast yeah thing is look even if even
if someone did
ban for genuinely violating some Terms
of Service the idea of a lifetime their
life I mean forever you're not still
banned that's insane I mean you can be
you've got you'll have literally
convicted hardcore criminals on there
who can have Twitter accounts and stuff
but it's like okay you said something
that someone didn't like Gavin McGinnis
isn't yeah Gavin McInnes yeah there's
quite a few yeah there are quite a few
you know the problem is when you ban
these people the way their they've done
it radicalizes people in opposition
absolutely and it also looked here's the
reality man Twitter's a terrible way to
communicate it's fucking terrible
limited amount of text the text is a
terrible way to communicate true I mean
we were just talking Jamie and I were
talking yesterday about disagreements
that people have had that we know
through emails like that emails like
someone reads it wrong and then someone
sends you a message hey you know this
guy is disrespecting me and then you go
and read it and you go what is going on
here man because people read into text
they they just decide that things and
text mean certain things they might not
really be accurate yeah I think that's a
problem and I think that though the
method of communication through Twitter
is just a terrible method Twitter is
good for letting people know you got
things coming up like hey I got an album
out yep fine perseverance perseverance
zubi Twitter's good for I love it for
posting science stories okay yeah and
interesting stories where it's amazing
Twitter is the best social media
platform by a mile I don't interact with
people anymore I don't blame you I send
things to the world that I think are
interesting and I hope people enjoy it
genuinely I don't want I don't bash
anybody on Twitter I don't attack
anybody on Twitter I've had
opportunities where someone's informed
me of something that someone else has
said and I'm like that's not even true
people say wild stuff about you man it's
interesting people stay some some wild
stuff about just just generally but you
know I think when it comes to
communication the further you move away
from face-to-face real world
communication the further you abstract
away from it the worse the communication
method is and the easier it is to
because you lose so much yes and easier
is to intentionally distort it is it is
and you know you lose so a phone I mean
real life is the best and then second to
that probably a video chat after that a
phone call after that a text after that
a tweet and the further you abstract
away from it you just lose more and more
of the actual communication because you
can't read any body language now there's
no intonation in the words you can't
tell I could say something now and it's
like you know you say something with
smile on your face it's Joey's joking
but if you tweet those exact same words
one person will read it and be like okay
I think he's Joe I think he tweeted that
with a smile on his face someone else is
like no that's that's dead serious like
that's a yeah something crazy he's
saying there and nobody really knows and
then because it's all public I mean it's
Twitter is weird because there's not
it's like just going into a room and
just full of people and just shouting
something yes it's not like a forum
where it's like okay this is the topic
we're talking about this right now
mm-hmm Twitter's just like ah this is
what I think about anything and you just
throw it out there and then you wait for
people to people to come back with stuff
you know what's interesting is when
someone tries to be someone tries to
establish a narrative about themselves
on Twitter like hey listen as a happily
married man who's a Christian this and
that and that like wait whoa whoa who
are you talking to you you shout in the
south or are you trying to are you
trying to describe yourself for people
so people have a certain way of viewing
you oh yeah because that she ain't gonna
work yeah they're immediately gonna go
why are you talking like this
what kind of person says these things
what kind of person like tries to
establish a narrative about them mmm
well they do it before they even talk I
mean people do that with their Twitter
bio oh yeah have to do it with their bio
I mean some people who put in you know
this is my species my phone my location
my pronouns my religious or
non-religious views you know who I vote
for like all of that yeah like here's my
folks if you see anybody that says they
them as their pronouns block them just
block them right now no I've got
something I'm trying to coin is zu B's
razor which is that if someone on
Twitter has their pronouns in their bio
then there's like a 95% chance that you
can just yeah I dismiss a lot of what
I'm saying zoo bees raiser is a very
easy way to describe me and I'm gonna
use that for I'm gonna call it zoo bees
raiser
you know it's interesting I noticed that
you have an Android phone what Apple did
the fuck people is when someone is about
to write attacks to get those dots dot
dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot to let
you know they're typing and then it goes
away like oh they were gonna type
something and then they fucking stopped
whereas with Android you send a text you
get a text back maybe you do maybe you
don't but you don't know if anybody's in
the middle they could write some long
lengthy bullshit text and then wake up
sober and go oh my God thank God I
didn't send that you know it's like
emails you don't know whether or not
someone's gonna someone's replying to an
email but that dot dot dot dot dot you
get that on Instagram too if you sent a
DM someone is typing
ooh that's a weird one gives people an
xiety to it does you can annoy people
you can you can just start type and then
walk away just just keep the app open
and use other apps yeah it's crazy all
the social media stuff I feel like we're
just right now in the middle of sort of
the biggest experiment amongst humankind
that's ever taken place and we're you
know we're all guinea pigs in it like we
have no idea what the long-term
implications and repercussions of some
of this stuff is gonna be but it's like
we're all just in here using all these
different platforms and I mean you can
already see some of the effects yeah
it's uh
seems pretty well-documented that things
like depression and anxiety or going up
as use of social media goes up I mean
literally during the introduction of it
with the smartphone's it's the
combination of smartphones and social
media yeah I think that does it I don't
think it's not smartphones alone it's
not social media alone like when you had
to go login on a PC to use MySpace or
Friendster or hi-5 or whatever and then
you go out the house and you're no
longer on it it's just the fact people
are constantly carrying it around and
you know trying to get this validation
and you know you've got Instagram now
talking about potentially removing likes
or YouTube removing views because
they're seeing how it's affecting people
and all this kind of stuff and yeah it's
not gonna work though
that list is too late and the box is
open you know you're a grown-ass man so
for you you can handle all the shit yeah
I think the real problem is kids yeah
kids growing up being 13 and 14 having
Twitter and Instagram and Facebook and
having anonymous people say really
shitty things to them anonymous friends
or enemies at school that's a real issue
and Jonathan hate wrote a great book
called the coddling of the American mind
great book it's really good right okay
and it goes into that and Devyn it
really made me fuckin super nervous for
my kids like growing up and developing
during this time where we have this you
know sort of uncharted territory of
social media there's not like a lot of
documented history of you so we can go
back 200 years of people using social
media and this is the way to do it
healthily and that's the way to you know
there's there's people that are just
fuckin tweeting all day long yeah it's
just an experiment a lot I think going
crazy pulling the fucking hair out
taking pills barely barely getting by in
this life and just tweeting all day long
yes it's weird and you've got people
have different and then you got people
who just post ten selfies a day the same
same picture same face and just really
yeah there's some it's generally women
but there's some people's profiles you
can go and it's just you go on their
Instagram page and it's just all just
their face same face same pose and we're
just the time today just there but oh
did you see that video clip where the
girl had the selfie stick and she's
she's trying to get a photo of her own
but with this with a selfie stick she's
like on a deck chair I've seen that just
yeah that's hilarious
someone took a picture for doing it so
her ass is straight up in the air like
that oh my god she's trying to get that
perfect ass angle I was like well that's
the 2019 Thursday people are so thirsty
they want like so badly yeah it is it is
very weird and then you've had people
who have died because of it okay yeah I
don't even Canyon you know keep falling
off the grand really yeah yeah people
falling off buildings there was that
couple where there she is
still loving our generation hosted that
oh no she actually ice got herself a
stinkin barstool she has gotten selfies
no she does have a selfie stick oh she
put it on the selfies day look at that
dirty bitch see see right there she's
got her arm up and this is like not good
enough
let's get that selfie stick out oh my
god it's so hilarious range but imagine
that's your daughter you like no she's
really strange have I done because I
think it's it's both exposed people for
what they are but it's also changed
people's behavior yeah you know people
do things now that you just wouldn't
even something as simple as taking a
picture of your food well here's
something that never existed before
no man verse this is something that you
see now that you never saw before ready
here's the look oh yeah the right side
right that's a new thing the head yeah
it's taking photos of yourself is a
pretty new concept I remember in myspace
people used to do it in the mirror and
the bathrooms and bathroom and stuff
like right that's when they first got
thirsty yeah this first start seeing
six-packs and nice asses yeah it's just
weird I just wonder what the effect will
be in a couple decades to be honest with
you coincidentally myspace is also right
around the time that why people started
figuring out they like big asses
something's happened with that hasn't
there I was talking about this with one
of my friends well they go back to like
the Dukes of Hazzard yeah okay this what
I was talking about that Catherine Duke
she was like one of the hottest women on
the planet Earth in like 1980 and she's
a beautiful lady with an ass as flat as
this table hmm she probably never did
squat yeah ever and nowadays that won't
fly you you know you can't get by you
can't get by without a big caboose it's
weird
it's um part evolution part diet part I
don't doctors
squad squad so you know going to the gym
has become a lot more mainstream though
in general hasn't it it certainly has
but there's a lot of gals out there
faking spunk yeah there's a lot of gals
out there with some plastics shoving
their buttocks area and ready for this
dun dun dumb ass cancer there's a whole
group of humans that are experiencing
cancer in their ass because of ass
implants really the same kind of cancer
that many women get when they get breast
implants oh it's not a hundred percent
of them but it's it's it's relevant like
there's an issue there was an article
written about it recently that women are
started their doctors are starting to
find the same types of cancer that some
women get is you know everyone's body
reacts differently than everything and
there are certain risks that you take if
you get some sort of an implant in your
body that you're probably rejects it or
then it causes cancer so women are
getting cancer of their ass men that's a
rough cancer bro you got to go in there
and scoop out chunks of your butt and
maybe you die maybe you die it's not
worth it because you weren't willing to
do squats yeah just do squats that's the
thing you can do squats it's like if a
guy has a little dick all right and
there was a machine that let you build
your dick up there would be a line
around the block for that machine all
right I mean everybody would be on that
goddamn dick machine but women have a
way to build their ass up it is a real
thing you can do squats and deadlifts
you can run stairs you can do squats and
deadlifts and you will get a big firm
ass and it works you know you're not
gonna get a JLo ass unless you got those
hips yeah have you seen that when guys
do the like the six-pack implants or of
course you must have seen like since you
know synthol and stuff where they where
they yeah inject the oil into them it's
like muscles and swell up yeah people do
crazy people do some strange some really
strange stuff the six-pack one is the
weirdest though yeah because it's just
this is just there all the time yeah
even if they yeah but it looks weird cuz
some even if you even if they gain
weight and then the rest of their body
is kind of flabby you still just got it
looks like a ninja turtle
is like both yeah it looks like value AB
implants over his keg it looks like a
mouse Bowser from Mario you know show me
that in a large version Jesus Christ
that's weird right that's so crazy
because that guy's fat it just doesn't
look right
wow that's so weird and that's
definitely fake is it only that guy just
does a shit ton of setups no cuz he's
got a barrel chest but he doesn't have
any any pecs which is weird
who is that says celebs I think this guy
was on Big Brother in the UK yeah and he
definitely got an app implant yeah
that's adds impact yeah 100% I'm pretty
sure I don't know yeah this is shows our
plastic surgery plastic abs go back to
that image that you were just at before
go back the way you just weren't know
scroll down no no on the other side
scroll down the boxer right there the
left-hand side yeah that guy was a boxer
above it right there that guy had PEC
implants okay that was a boxer with PEC
implants and like crazy plastic surgery
face he we we we watched a video of him
before he was fighting in Mexico he had
like fixed fights no and Mexico remember
that this guy had like faked everything
like fake fake chest and fake muscles
and just so weird cuz it doesn't fucking
odd because it's it's so strange though
because it doesn't even it doesn't even
function Yeah right if you had big arms
or armies arms that look big pumped up
with synthol or whatever but then
they're not even strong alright and then
the problem is look at that neck grab a
hold of that neck bro you ain't you
ain't defending any choke sir
there's a tiny-ass neck oh that one
there that before-and-after really shows
on the left the ABS oh yeah go to that
far left yeah you can that really shows
that wow wow that's incredible my god
but what's weird is because your abs
only look like that if you're lean and
like if you're if you're flexing them
yes but when they do that it's like that
all the time all the time so it just it
doesn't look right
that that's incredible this is different
this is dodging itching so it's not an
implant but like sculpting in some way
it was that guy did also lose weight
between those two pictures yeah he
certainly did he's certain that dropped
his body and it looks like his arms and
chest got bigger so he leaned out I'm
not buying that I want might be just and
then that you got that synthol guy up
there I don't know people do some people
do some strange things so the thing is a
woman can get things done like boobs and
no one cares guys look she looks hot mmm
but if a guy's got like a fucking sock
in it oh wow we're looking at a girl who
has fake implants of her abdomen her
abdominal muscles that are so obviously
fake that they're over her ribs yeah
like those muscles are literally over
the rib cage where they don't even
belong no that's not look at her face
too steroids yeah so you can see look at
yeah so look at that guy you can see
when he's sitting like the abs are still
look ideas - bro you got to lose weight
if you're gonna rock fit
that's so lays an 8 pack - that's so
lazy see abs are a weird one cuz if you
really desperately wanted abs everybody
can get them if you just work hard
enough you know abs it's not like what
what is that the guy's abs and then a
weird swelling underneath oh is this
flesh fanny pack yeah but what is that I
don't know sorry what is that that's
just a weird picture yeah yeah but guys
with fake things like get no respect you
know I mean a guy with a fake dick like
get out of here I got with fake pecs get
go away what is this whoa inject it into
his ball sack my god man dies after
injecting silicone into his testicles
for sex cult game okay yeah that's all I
had issues but like dudes with fake pecs
and guys would fake muscles like nobody
wants to see that shit no I just go to
the gym and eat right it does work yeah
we imagined they were really if there
was a dick growing machine you know I
got a squat rack for your dick
boy boy would there be a line but after
wouldn't it just become like that would
just become the new norm if ever yeah
girls will be all stretched out
everybody have a giant hog but you know
what I don't actually think most people
would you just like most people don't go
to the gym I mean you've already got
this option to increase your muscles and
make yourself look better and most
people don't do it so I'm not convinced
that if it took actual work and effort I
don't actually think the majority of
people would do it I think you're a
hundred percent correct yeah if it was
difficult it was hard work that's why
people want these operations all they
have to do is go to the doctor's office
the doctors gonna take care of
everything Mike I'm gonna put you under
and when you wake up you're gonna have a
hog of a lifetime you're gonna have a
giant pecks and a false sculpted
six-pack and synthol stuffed muscles
there's one video this guy that's
Brazilian dude who's got these synthol
muscles and he's dancing and it looks
like he's got water balloons all the
body dysmorphia more people just don't
see what other people see like same as
anorexics and then same as you know I
guess bodybuilders have that same issue
like a lot of really enormous
bodybuilders still feel like they look
small yeah it's it's weird man it's it's
weird like I just think if you want to
change your body you want to change your
physique you want to feel better you
want to feel more confident there is a
way to do that yes that doesn't involve
paying tens of thousands of dollars are
taking massive health risks or getting
cut up or anything like that just go to
the gym lift train I it works yeah it
really it really does work not
everyone's going to be able to reach
some elite level but you know everyone
can look better man everyone can look
better you know the people that I have
sympathy for people with physical
deformities hmm you know issues that
just can't grow muscle or something's
wrong with your body or you have a
disease like yeah I get it
then for those people I do truly hope
that science comes up with a solution
and it's through some sort of CRISPR
type engineering they're able to here's
a question for you Joe do you think that
there's any sort of limit in terms of
what science maybe could do
but sort of should not do you mean like
a science advances and things get a
little more crazy and they're looking
into things like making people immortal
or all that kind of mmm
in your own mind do you think there's
like a level where it's like maybe we
should like to leave this alone and not
go not go that far I don't know I think
even if you do think that and I'm sure
that you could find examples where I
would say that's a bad idea it's not
going to matter because I think that
people are going to do it and if the
United States isn't gonna do it China's
going to do it yeah I mean I think China
is already experimenting on people in
pretty pretty radical ways and they're
they doing
yeah they're doing CRISPR on fetuses and
you know they're they're going to do
genetic engineering I think it's in you
know it's just in the cards in our
lifetime we're going to see some product
of genetic engineering that's some super
freak athlete yeah yeah I mean I'm when
you and I are old men we're gonna be
watching television or whatever the fuck
they have back then or in the future
rather and we're gonna see someone who
can fucking jump over buildings we're
gonna see someone who can you know
literally fly over cars just leap over
things and just someone with
preposterous physical attributes
that's all created in a laboratory yeah
if you think about the greatest athletes
the world has ever known you know you
look at like the the very best physical
specimens that humanity has to offer and
they just figured out okay well what are
the traits and how do we how do we
impart those on people and how do we
actually improve them how do we double
them and triple them you know you know
what myostatin inhibitors are yes I do
they allow the muscle to grow far beyond
yeah we can't and they exist in for
whatever reason in some cows naturally
and also whippets yeah believe I've
shown people pictures and like that's
not real it is really something with
whippets apparently when they breed them
you know like breeding dogs is weird
like I have a friend who has a chocolate
lab and their eyes are about as close
together as my two fingers are that dog
is fucked like it just it's just like I
don't like being around it'll
bite you like it's a it's it's overbred
like it's like some fucking West
Virginia hillbilly just left alone in
some small town they can't get anywhere
and they there are people like that
right inbred people well there's inbred
used to be a big problem in with royalty
right yes yes yeah yeah because they
only had to breed with otherworldly yeah
this whatever reason when you breed
whippets and something goes wrong
because they're just breeding with other
whippets they developed this fucking
preposterous ability to grow muscle and
they look like Hulk dogs and it's not
that's gonna happen to people man there
was already a boy who was born in
Germany I believe who had a natural
problem
he's like his body naturally had the
same issue that a whip it had have you
something I think I know I'm trying to
actually remember his name because I
know the kid you were talking see if he
can pull that up well there was one kid
they called them the young Hulk
turned out that his father was actually
injecting with steroids when I was a
little kid which is awful but this is a
boy from Germany who had this myostatin
inhibitors and he was fuckin jack how
old he was little yeah like four four or
five at the time when I saw the pictures
and I'm talking just thick muscle caps
you know he looked like Paulo Costa the
guy who fights in the UFC yes fucking
jacked
that's nice Jack Jack little baby that's
so yeah we're gonna we're gonna see the
Hulk you know like a real live version
of the Hulk it's gonna happen I don't
know that that kind of stuff it does
freak me out because it's kind of like
eugenics 2.0 right yeah you know I'm
just kind of like man where how where's
this stuff all gonna right all gonna go
well there's a beauty in our diversity
like our physical diversity this is a
beauty and the fact there's really tall
people and really short people and
really smart people really stupid people
and sometimes stupid people really good
at certain things sometimes smart people
are really bad at other things and this
there's like there's a beauty in the
chaos of human life is that we are all
weird and different and and if you can
find your way everyone can make some
sort of a contra be
it's not that everyone's going to make
some sort of a contribution but it's
possible that most of us can find
something where other people find value
and what you do and you could do
something in an extraordinary way yeah
definitely I think I'm a great way to
stay humble is to always remember that
like everybody is superior superior to
you in some way shape or form right you
know it seems like you've got people who
are kind of awesome at everything or
whatever but it's like you know what
like every person out there has got
something that especially if they tapped
into it and they actually reached some
fraction of their potential then people
who have people are capable of all kinds
of crazy things when they actually do it
and they train and they work on it
another perspective enhancer is that the
grave beckons I mean we're all gonna die
yeah dwelling on what you're great at or
not great at in this life okay you got
much time bro seems like you do but
it'll be there before you know it that
Grim Reaper is gonna be knocking on your
door yeah I think that's motivational
though there's a little kid yeah yeah
he's four years old
fucking Wow jeez is that the kid he does
gymnastics the best I could I thought
this is here talking to type-in mile
statin in here but yeah yeah but I don't
know if it's coming up on him I'll if
they have Studies on him but I don't
know if that's him he's Jack though he's
so Jack he's four years old like
seventeen year old super dude look at
this shit look at the shoulder
striations what that is so unusual no
that's not normal no so unusual that
guy's gonna fuck his way through grammar
school that's not normal
[Laughter]
yeah we're gonna see a lot of those
we're gonna see a lot of those coming
out of China aren't my words you know
there's not a big little older now
that's him now oh okay
what happened stop lifting weights my
stuff they got them off the shit 15 now
my feet when I see something like that
and then I also see him lifting weights
or he's younger I don't think this is
the same one because that's also he's
Italian right Romanian his Romanian yeah
um there's another kid from Michigan
which he said Germany so I thought it
was a German kid yeah I thought you know
you're talking about but we could search
for a long time before we find didn't
interrupt the podcast we'll never get
done but uh I think we're gonna see that
I think to answer your question now yeah
I think there's probably a lot of things
that we shouldn't do you know but what
are those things and who's to decide and
and does it really matter
I mean look it's entirely possible that
this fucking plan is gonna get hit with
in our lifetime by a giant asteroid
we're gonna wipe us all out possible
that's possible it's possible that's not
outside the realm no I mean this is
their big one it's supposed to there's a
real chance it might hit around 2029 I
thought we were all supposed to be
marked to bite in 2000 or so but I don't
know that was just the y2k is just
watching a book that was just the bug
it's gonna stop civilization in its
tracks yeah I thought aleris is that
when they were coding they didn't take
into account that 1900 2000 I've ever
even even at that time when I was a lot
younger I was thinking surely they
worked that out like surely it'll just
go from 99 to zero they're not it's not
gonna just explode and they call this
case I worked it out and you had people
like hiding underground and doomsday
prepping and although imagine if you
spent all your money building a bunker
in your backyard and then the day after
mm poke your head out and people driving
I'm Ike gonna stay in there to stage
this a face yeah yeah I mean look people
are fuckin silly but we we all have this
understanding this appreciation the fact
that we know civilization like our grid
our power grid is fragile the internet
is fragile there's a fucking there's
wires that go under the ocean that
connect us to other countries that's how
it works yeah the Internet is literally
wires laid down at the bottom of the
ocean that connect us with Europe yeah
it's nuts it's it's crazy how quickly
it's how quickly it's happened as well
I know it's interesting with me I mean I
was born 86
and I remember in you know the late 80s
when you couldn't even render a circle
on a screen right like they didn't have
the technology to make an actual circle
so in all the video games and graphics
and stuff it would either be a square or
at best a hexagon or an octagon because
you couldn't actually do round curves
and that's in my own lifetime and then I
mean I remember the early days of the
internet when I was especially when I
was in boarding school and stuff and
using geo cities and Netscape and all
that kind of stuff and it's just kind of
crazy how it's gone from that and all
these Atari 2600 and these very basic
video games and stuff like that and the
Apple to ease with the big floppy discs
and all that stuff and I'm just like man
I'm only I mean I just turned 33 and I'm
like man that's just in my own lifetime
so in another 10 20 30 years it's yeah
it's amazing to just think of what
stuff's gonna be like because they'll
look back on what we have now and what
we have everything we have now is gonna
look like the Atari 2600 does to me
right now they'll be looking at these
phones and being like gosh people used
to use this inevitable yeah you know
what's interesting is that there's
there's nothing classic from our
lifetime either classic classic like
like there's classic things from like
the night like classic muscle cars for
example from the 1960s people love them
classic cars from the 90s can go fuck
themselves no nobody wants a 1990 car
get the fuck out here with wasn't it all
already classic by like the 80s though
like classic rock was already classic
run yeah was it again stuff happened
quick yeah but people realize is
something had happened there was this
like this blip in time where people went
wild and they you know we talked about
it with aoki yesterday we were talking
about Hendrix and Janis Joplin and Jim
Morrison these people just were a part
of this revolutionary change in culture
and then it was swiped out in the 1970s
so by the time 1980s came around when I
was in high school 1970 cars were
fucking classic cars okay
they were classic Monga 1970 Chevelle in
1981 when I was 14 was the shit
okay it was like a classic muscle car
like my mom had a 1970 barracuda 1971
barracuda when I was 14 in 1981 that was
the shit
but it was a classic car was an old car
but it was ten years old okay
it's like we realized some way that the
culture had shifted and that was never
gonna happen again because cars were
dogshit in the 80s I mean they were just
dark if you didn't have a Porsche
Porsche is probably the only cars that
are still cool like I have a 1993 RS
America it's a very lightweight
air-cooled Porsche super-lightweight
stripped down no air conditioning no
radio it's a fun car and so I was like
one of the rare cars it's worth a fuck
from 1990s one of the rare ones yeah
most of the shit from that era is just
nonsense you know for whatever reason
they just the 80s and the 90s like
people just said they went into this
dull zone of creativity a lot of a lot
of things classic video games though I
guess music music and video games
entertainment yeah music films comedy
comedy no those Eddie Murphy delirious
80s yeah a lot of Richard Pryor shit was
from the 80s it was amazing so maybe not
in terms of tech or manufacturing yeah
but in entertainment I think
entertainment and culture I think some
key stuff happened in that decade well
there's these bursts of novelty and of
creativity and we're certainly in the
middle of one right now like right now
is probably one of the more interesting
times to be alive in terms of like
constant innovation and new things being
created yeah
Apple has apparently some new AR glasses
they're about to release ok mented
reality glasses yeah I also just think
now the time we live is people just have
the opportunity and potential empower
people have as individuals now is insane
yeah it's it's not what it's ever been
before I mean nobody told you to start
this podcast right this is just
something you you started and you've
been doing it you've been doing it now
for a decade plus and you've got the
ability to broadcast this out to
millions of people doesn't matter where
they are in the world I mean I live in
the UK I flew over here to come do this
podcast and I've had people in the UK aw
cool awesome you're going on on Joe
Rogan yeah I watch that and it's like
that's
thousands of miles away and you've got
people all over and you can reach all of
them largely for free to write you can
just do that you can put something out
on your phone you can reach millions of
people through their whatever it is
you're trying to communicate whatever it
is you're trying to promote I mean
that's new yeah I really enjoy the fact
that it's free I think that's the
coolest aspect of one of the big media
things today which are podcasts is that
you could just get them it's just like
downloads so many of them and get them
all the time and there there are always
new ones they're always available yeah
and you get them I love the fact that
you can get them instantly - yeah you
have your podcast don't you I do yeah a
real talk with do be real talk with
zoobi he'll talk so I can go right now
to my iTunes and I'll type in right here
here we are we got there we in the
podcast app and we're gonna go with real
talk with zoobi talk with you there it
is BAM we'll talk with zoobi here it is
boom do that and I'ma subscribe and then
I'm gonna see checkmark and then down
low Wow awesome everybody else go do the
same right now everybody I mean this is
what's crazy is it's not like
instantaneously play it I mean we're
having this conversation survive benign
images I mean go and that's crazy
my shut up that's that's the most
amazing thing in our lifetime it is yeah
is that you you just pull that out of
air this thing is pulling things now the
sky with you know it's nuts I feel like
people are aware of it but they're kind
of not most people are not you know what
I mean like people that are are yeah
people people use it everybody knows the
internet exists everyone knows social
meet is there I don't think people
realize like what you can really do with
those tools it's like yeah you can sit
there on Twitter and be mean to people
in Detroit and troll and troll and go on
YouTube and write mean comments or
whatever you can do that but you can
also just create something from nothing
right if you comedian you're a musician
you're an actor or whatever you can just
go make a YouTube channel create new
channel create new account yeah and you
can just start putting stuff out there
you've got a phone which can record an
HD 4k video good audio I mean it's not
so even if I just go back to the 90s or
early thousands
and you look at music videos and stuff
like that and an iPhone or a standard
Android can record better quality video
than the top-tier stuff that they were
recording music videos how films with
not so long ago and it's just like man
that's just in your pocket especially
the new androids like the Galaxy Note
tend to blur the background like
portrait mode in 4k video so you're
making 4k video not just blur it but
they also have this filter that you can
make the background kind of fucked up
and scratchy like an old VHS tape okay
you could do cool effects with video
while in real time yeah I mean it's they
also have wide-angle lenses so you can
film and and take photos and wide-angle
they have night vision mode where it
turns night into a much more visible
environment it's it's weird it's weird
and it's still early that's a crazy
thing is that it's still early I love
the fact they're all competing with each
other right like Apple has to come up
with something better than Samsung's
done and Huawei and you know oneplus
it's like it's this mad dash to come up
with the greatest shit the world's ever
seen it is what's doing it I do think
that they would be good to have a little
bit of a moratorium on new phones though
really why they won't do it but there's
no of course not of course not they want
to keep the competition going keep
people fired up but the differences
between them now are so incremental it's
it's just diminishing returns now so you
know if you put out a new phone every
six months or every 12 months the
difference between them now is kind of
like sort of but the difference between
like yeah if you look at like the screen
real estate of a Galaxy Note 10 person I
pas iPhone 10 which is what I have
they're 10s tennis max okay that was a
shit just a few months ago yeah but when
you look at that next to like Steve Aoki
was here yesterday and he had a Galaxy S
10 Plus that thing looks way cooler than
this if you look at them right next to
each other like oh there's no there's no
bezels on the outside and there's no
notch at the top yeah there's a tiny
little hole where the camera isn't my
yeah yeah well I guess what I mean is
like the difference between the Galaxy
s5 and s6 edge was like a big leap right
and then between the s6 and the s7 a
little less between the s7 and the si a
little less I mean between me what do
you got over there what do you use this
is a one plus six
I'll give them I should give them a
shout-out that's a great phone 1 plus
makes a great phone a sort of unheralded
phone they have the very best in screen
fingerprint reader apparently yeah so
that's a philosophy called out to him
teaching me yeah so they've made three
new ones since this version I only got
this last year but this is already three
generations let me see that that's the
new one plus seven the one plus seven
has a full screen so I got Megatron on
the back though oh the one plus seven
has a full screen there's no not at all
there's nothing about camera camera go a
little motor yeah which is pretty
incredible
yeah a lot of people here don't seem to
know oneplus know everyone seems
confused by my phone here right that's
everybody's Apple crazy ok ok it's
everyone's locked into the ecosystem ok
apples done an amazing job of roping
everybody into their ecosystem 100% with
iMessage and with airdrop ok those two
things and FaceTime FaceTime weird thing
over here everybody face times people
there's a new thing like I got FaceTime
calls for my friends I just FaceTime me
out of the blue
I'm like alright I guess we're gonna
talk on video one and then they're there
and then your videotape like the first
one to do it to me was killer Mike I was
taking a shit and killer Mike FaceTime
me I'm like what's up man but apparently
kids are doing Andrew Schultz does it a
lot of a lot of people just FaceTime
people now that's the new thing yeah
people are into facetiming Schultz is an
interesting example because he's a guy
that couldn't get a Netflix deal
couldn't get a Comedy Central deal so he
said ok I know what I'll do I know I've
got great comedy I will just put it all
on YouTube and he created this YouTube
channel he put his his stand-up comedy
special he was self produced it paid for
everything put it up on YouTube and it's
got millions of views and he went from
being a guy that didn't really sell out
club
all that often to selling out theaters
multiple shows and it happened inside of
a year yeah just all self-made all done
by himself with with the people that he
works with he puts a little clips on his
Instagram they get hyped up he promotes
them that way he puts clips on YouTube
and now other comics are following suit
and they realize like hey this is the
way to do this and so many people can
watch YouTube on their television now oh
yeah of course
yeah it's just the opportunity out there
right now is is incredible yeah it's
incredible I mean I posted a dumb 9
second video on Twitter and you know got
international international coverage on
it I've been invited to fly out to LA
I'm now on you know the Joe Rogan
experience doing all these other
podcasts and it's just it's just nuts
you know you can heat for that
oh of course yeah what is what did
people say well 99.5% was positive most
people got it
the people who were angry it was kind of
funny because people were angry for
different reasons because a lot of
people didn't get it so I don't say a
lot of people a few people didn't get it
so some people were upset with me saying
that what I did was not fair towards
women you kind of got the point but you
also sort of hugely missed it here so I
got some people saying that you know
you're not a real woman and you
shouldn't be doing this what you did was
unfair up against women and blah blah
blah
dished angers I'm kind of like dude you
always gonna have people that need you
need them to dig holes yeah yeah and and
that and then of course there were the
people who were trying to say that it
was some attack on trans people as a
whole or the entire trans community or
something something like this and it was
just like no it's just making a very
biological factual point this is not an
attack on any individual nor group and
like you said I mean online what's
weirdest people try to read malice and
stuff into things that's not there yeah
someone will see one tweet and they'll
start coming up with all these weird
assumptions about what you believe or
what they think you are or whatever and
you're just like no that's not what I
said that's not what I believe I just
said what I said
I did what I did that is one of the
interesting things about tweets right is
that if you can define someone 140
characters so the bigoted moron who's
this in that and boom yeah and then you
send that tweet out there and then you
know you read it that's not me no but
it's these mischaracterizations are so
easy when there's 140 characters or 280
character a lot of it is malice too you
know if people don't understand
something or something goes against
their beliefs or their ideology it's a
lot easier to just try to demonize the
person I'm saying it or slap some kind
of label on them which means that you
can just ignore that person or it's
people try to do it all the time it's
not something that works with me because
I'm very aware and cognizant of these
type of tactics and stuff people try to
use to mob people to shut them down or
whatever so it doesn't work on me
personally like I've had tons of mobs
come after me and try to you know label
me so I'm sure no reasonable just
doesn't work because I don't play into
the game yeah they just end up looking
silly because they'll say something and
it is like no well you've got your
finger on the pulse of culture and all
these shifting tides and turns where do
you think this is going because this is
not something that we experienced 10-15
years ago this is this is all like the
the boiling point is completely new yeah
what do you think this is going it's a
good question I is like a particular
aspect of it do you mean those the
political stuff or well there's
animosity for sure but yeah it seems
heightened it is I it seems more people
are particularly politically more
polarized now than ever before the
quickest I've ever seen for people to
label someone a bigot or a racist or a
transfer or a sexist it's like everyone
want there's there's so much intensity
involved in discourse today that I I
tribute some event to the dismay of
having a maniac in the white house you
know well he's he's more of a symptom
than a cause it was already happening
and I'd already seen it happening yeah
so that's a big reason why he won as far
as I'm concerned because people were
getting tired of some of the nonsense
yeah
people are getting tired of I I often
joke I mean it it seems like in 2015 and
2016 the the strategy of you know some
of the Democratic Party was to call half
the population racist and that didn't
work so now their strategy is to call
70% of the population racist it doesn't
work I mean it doesn't endear people to
you if you're trying to win people over
then trying to call them things that
they're not is really not a good idea
and a big problem with it as well is one
it dilutes the terms right when people
start throwing around these terms racist
Nazi white supremacists are it dilutes
the terms completely because if you
google which one Google were they called
ben shapiro
oh yeah and who's a Jew an Orthodox Jew
they call it to Orthodox Jew or one of
those and Dennis Prager is also Jewish
they labeled them in internal memos as
Nazis it's insane
Nazi it's crazy yeah I've been called a
Nazi whoo I'm a young black man I've
been called a black white supremacist
yeah so like Clayton Bigsby from the
show
I I wish I were joking my best thing is
like three of the people who have called
me that or white - oh so I was just like
you can't see the ridiculousness of what
your what you're saying here yeah so
people just throw around these labels
and I think it's a problem for a lot of
reasons I think one it massively
minimizes the reality of people who have
actually gone through some crap or been
oppressed or something like that if you
start just tossing these things around
if you start comparing stuff to Nazi
Germany or whatever the people who
genuinely went through that stuff will
be like wait what are you even talking
about right that's not fair number two
is it just it makes it really hard to
actually determine a sorta it dilutes
the terms so things that should have a
sting lose their sting if you're gonna
just call everybody a racist you're
gonna call everybody a white super Emmas
you're gonna call everybody these things
then it these words lose their power and
then third it actually provides cover
for genuine people who hold these views
right like white soup
he's not some big popular common thing
but you know those people do still exist
neo-nazis do actually exist and you're
providing massive cover for them all if
you're gonna just start going around and
bandying out these terms
what like willy nilly because now when
people hear those terms if you use hero
so-and-so it's called a Nazi now my
default that you know ten years ago I
would have been like oh really like we
know what is this serious right now I
mean now it's like oh do you mean like
an actual Nazi or do you mean like an
immediate ride wolf exactly exactly and
you know it just becomes to the stage
where words just lose their meanings and
I don't even know I don't take these
accusations even seriously anymore and a
lot of people feel the same way because
so many people have been called these
things I mean what do you think it's
gonna normalize for everyone's gonna
calm down or anything it's gonna keep
ramping up it's it's a good question
I depend I think it depends on whether
or not Donald Trump wins again I think
if he wins again it might ramp up I
think he will win again because it's
ramping I think that people need to
chill that's really that's really what
it is people need to chill and not get
so caught up in you know it's so weird
we're living in this time where people
are saying that gender is a spectrum but
yet politics is binary okay so you're
left you're on the left or you're on the
right that's a good point that's it and
it's like now most people I mean firstly
most people are relatively apolitical
most people are not actually that
politically charged like right you know
those people are busy most people most
people just want to get on with their
lives and not really be fucked over
their taxes exact they want their
schools to be good yeah yeah and they're
not you know they don't want people to
be discriminated no they're not right a
Depot exactly they don't ride or die for
the blue team a ride to die for the red
team you know it's so weird when they
are - yeah it is it's exhausting when
you're around someone who's really
political oh yeah I mean I get it if
that's your your job and that's what you
do and whatnot but ultimately look all
these people have to live in the same
town city country planet so we need a
way for all of these people and all of
this diversity on all levels to work and
function and people don't step on each
other's toes too much and everyone can
do their things have their beliefs have
their views and not massively encroach
on other people and I think I think we'd
actually work that out pretty well I
want to say in like the late 90s to
early 2010's stuff seemed certainly in
the West like oK we've kind of kind of
got it here and that's why I feel a
little bit dismayed when I see some of
these ideas popping up or some of this
identity politics nonsense and stuff
popping up over the last five to six
years and people are kind of falling
back into this very tribal mentality
whether it's men versus women or black
versus white or red vs. blue or romaine
versus leave whatever it is I'm just
kind of like look I look at people as
individuals people I'm not gonna be
running around the street trying to find
how do we promote that though how do we
promotion looking at people as
individuals because I think that is
really that that's that's one of the
keys to getting out of this mess it is
is to stop tribal ideological
recognition and and definitions of
humans just to look at people's this is
Tom this is Sally this is this guy this
is that girl this is this non-binary
person whatever the fuck they're I think
that's a lot to learn from children in
that regard because I don't think kids
generally don't that kids don't care
kids don't care I mean where I grew up
in Saudi Arabia I mean off the bat I was
just surrounded by people of all
different skin colors different
nationalities different religions and it
was just always cool some of these ideas
like I'd never heard people talking
about race anytime more in my life than
now mmm which is really weird to me
right you know in the 90s in the
thousands I wasn't hearing people
talking about you know white privilege
this what fear white man that what and
suddenly it's like you know oh let me
tell you about my blackness or you know
hearing terms like blackness and
whiteness and I was like what you even
talking about like this is this is
nonsense people of color this but I
can't stand that term by the way you
know like just all this terminology and
people are just talking in these really
bizarre ways and just kind of grouping
people into these weird groups and I'm
just like what's the point of all this
what's the
get some juice out of it you know that's
why for them it's worth the squeeze
yeah because they get something you know
they get something by appealing to
fellow Europeans or by appealing to you
know like the straight Pride Parade you
know they got a bunch of people to
fuckin parade they got together like I'm
so proud of being straight like oh great
you're proud of being 90 percent of the
fucking population more than that Shea
people are under attack like what what
does that mean that is so crazy
I don't know pride makes sense they I
know a bunch of guys well I know at
least three that are in the closet that
want to come out but can't yeah they're
scared yeah whether it's because of
their career or because their life you
know they're gay amongst their friends
they let their front but they don't want
to tell anybody so for them it's like a
lot of conservatives right gay gay is
the only thing that you can hide right
like if if you're black it's obvious
yeah if you're white it's obvious if
you're gay no one knows yeah no one
knows yeah so you can hear people say
gay jokes and say none things and and
you could just swallow it and like you
know and you could feel terrible and you
could hear pastors talk about how you're
going to hell if you're gay you're like
fuck and there are gay and they can't
come out so for them the idea of gay
pride makes sense it's a celebration
it's an affirmation that it's okay to be
who you are
yeah that's that makes sense straight
pride is fucking preposterous
it's so ridiculous man every fucking
most people are straight bitch what are
you doing you're taking time out of your
busy day and you're gonna March you
gotta fly what what's is the gay pride
thing is a rainbow whatever what
straight people get I don't know what's
the flag kind of greedy they took the
whole rainbow they did they stole it
from the leprechauns excreting what is
the let's stop and think about that like
was the straight pride flag what color
would it be
maybe all black are all white I don't
know uh black and white I don't know hmm
what is that black-and-white is a
black-and-white for real there's a flag
there is I said fag
sorry can't avoid really this would it
there's pictures on these please put
already the fucking straight oh yeah
that's nice Christ oh it's exactly what
I thought it would be I was gonna say
it'll have the mail a fucking nailed it
look at that that's incredible like a
meme but I don't know bro we need to get
that hang one of those in the studio
straight for pride flag holy shit holy
shit there's a straight pride flag this
place for everything you know I know
god damn it that's hilarious though
meanwhile the gay one they have a way
better flag make America straight again
oh my god oh my god it's straight dude
that's why there's so many of us you
fucking America is mostly straight
that's why there's 320 million people oh
yeah people can do what they want man
the fastest I was joking thinking
there's a straight pride flag and the
fact that you nailed it perfectly well
that's probably black and white that's
another one red and pink and blue the
fuck out of here with that one nah is
that another one yeah oh so there's
division amongst the straight pride
folks they can't decide what's what it's
great to be straight look at those Oh
what do you get what do you get people
that no one wants a fuck look at them
look at them that guy's got an American
flag bandana
bitch you ain't Hulk Hogan you take that
goddamn thing off right now better a
bandana around his head stop oh well
what do we do zubi keep doing keep doing
what we're doing man I think discussion
to answer your question I think
discussion is what is needed to keep the
keep the lid on the lid on the pot I
think I think that's why is you know
when we were talking about like deep
platforming and all that kind of stuff
all that stuff plays into the
polarization as far as I'm concerned I
agree you know it drives people
underground it pushes people to radical
fringes and whatnot what you want is
just keep the communication channels
open I mean you've only got three ways
of dealing with any conflict you can
talk you can segregate or you can fight
you know doesn't matter if you're
talking individually or countries those
are the only three options so as soon as
discussion breaks down or people don't
want to talk or people think oh I can't
talk to that person because they they
voted Trump or if they voted leave or
they voted liberal or they vote a
Democrat or whatever as soon as that
breaks down and I mean it's crazy you've
seen all these stories about couples
breaking up or families where the
parents won't talk to the kids anymore
or vice versa or people are kind of you
know exiling and denouncing their own
friends and family over politics and
when I see stuff like that I'm like that
is sad yeah it's very very sad I mean if
you you can have a disagreement you can
say okay I believe in this I think this
I'm going to vote that way you vote that
way cool but you can still be friends
you can still be brothers you can still
be cool like that stuff
I mean if stuff is functioning correctly
politics shouldn't play such a huge role
in your life it should be a very much a
background thing you know what I mean
it's just there
so one of the main characteristics and
cults yeah is to separate you from
anybody that disagrees it is it really
is that's one of the things that they do
in cults they separate you from your
family it's one of the first things they
do it is and that's how people end up in
echo chambers people are like oh how did
we not see Trump coming it's like you
didn't see Trump coming because you
don't talk to half the population right
and if you live in these high population
areas where everyone has the same sort
of ideologies or shares that ideology it
becomes a real problem New York in LA in
particular yeah it's weird I mean it
happens the two things it I guess it
happens with most are politics and
religion right so if you live in a place
where everybody is religious and
everybody is of the same faith then it's
easy to sort of assume and behave in a
way that everybody else in the world or
outside thinks and believes the exact
same things everybody you know does the
same thing can happen politically if
someone lives in a you know a super
liberal area or a super conservatory you
can just think okay well everyone
everyone I know thinks this so that's
what everybody thinks and a lot of
people I mean I'm a musician you're a
comedian we both go around respective
countries to different places and you
talk to different people you have this
podcast you've had all kinds of people
of different persuasions on here really
just non-religious you know political
all across the spectrum and whatever so
I'd imagine that you can understand and
empathize with all of the positions
you've got your own views but it can be
like okay I get what I get where that
person is coming from or I get how that
person believes that or I get that and
just that level of empathy is really
what is needed I think it's really just
about empathy it's about being able to
understand that most people most people
want the world to be a better place
there aren't that many people who wake
up every day thinking oh I want to make
the world worse I want to make my life
where it's not want to make my families
let most people want to make stuff
better people have different ideas on
what will make things better but I think
as long as people sort of extend that
charity to other people and don't try to
consider things in the worst possible
way if somebody says something whether
online or offline don't try to interpret
it in the worst possible way that you
could or read some kind of malice into
it that's not there just understand that
coming from a good place you may
disagree and then you can have that
discussion and even if people don't
change their minds you at least
understand other people better I think
you're entirely right and I think the
idea that we can get through this world
existing in echo chambers and solve
anything is ridiculous yeah we have to
communicate with each other absolutely
you know want to talk to someone and
they said how did this is a real weird
conversation I had they're like how do
you talk to so many different people
people that you agree with and disagree
with like oh well I find things that I
agree with even in people that I
disagree with yeah I try to find like
common ground you know it's like it's an
old sting song the Russians love their
children too you know
okay so old so funny same thought of it
for whatever reason but it's theirs we
all you can find things that you agree
with with people you can find common
ground yeah morals and ethics and
kindness and communication compassion
and camaraderie and friendship and we
work out from there and try to figure
out why does someone have these
politically polarizing views why does
someone have this idea about that or
this and let's figure out what the fuck
the middle ground is and you know and
was a big part of it man yeah you know
and the more people restricting people
and the more people are trying to
enforce their ideology on other people
the more the other side's gonna dig
their heels in and then you get this
this stance that we're at today yeah
yeah I mean one of my things I mean like
I myself you know I believe in God I'm a
Christian always have been and one thing
I often say is I think you know if
you're taking something like religion I
always say like look if someone says I
can't do such-and-such because it's
against my religion that's totally cool
if you start saying you can't do
such-and-such because it's against my
religion right that's when that line
gets crossed right when you start trying
to force things down other people's
throats and try to you know try and
change all that so and I think that's
something that you know not everyone is
not everybody is there yet but I think
most people sort of implicitly
understand that you know okay cool like
everyone people can have all their
different their different beliefs their
different ideas or lack of belief or
whatever the case is but as long as
you're not trying to force stuff from
other people you know people don't like
being forced to people generally don't
like being forced to do things or to
believe things were being being punished
for what they what they think or what
they believe in whatever so when you
wherever that comes from I think if you
start having that whether it's from a
government or an individual or whatever
that's when people are really gonna
clash and collide and there seems to be
there seem to be a lot of people right
now who don't really get like that it's
you know think like us think like me or
we will punish you yeah and that's not
primarily coming in the West anyway
that's not generally coming from
religious people now I'm not seeing it's
more of a political thing you know like
we were talking about some of these some
of this weird intersectional far-left
kind of stuff that's very much what
they're doing now even when you're
talking about them ostracizing people or
Kant trying to cancel people or whatever
it's very much like look this is what we
think there's what we believe anyone who
doesn't if you're not with us you're
against us and we're gonna attack you
we're gonna verbally demonize you we're
gonna deep platform you we're gonna do
all this and I'm like look that's that's
a problem you can be claiming to be
tolerant
then you're treating people that way and
you're talking about people that way all
that's gonna do is keep raising the
temperature well it's a temperature down
yeah
well said it's very very important what
you just said the way said I mean it and
there's also a tremendous amount of
unhealthy people unhealthy emotionally
unhealthy physically unhealthy in terms
of their perspective and their their
ability to be objective about the world
they live in and to be introspective
about their own Fallin failings and
shortcomings and just treat people well
I think if we all went through this life
with that as our directive let's treat
people well I'm gonna treat people well
and be nice to people try to be friendly
as much as possible and try to do my
best yeah you know
do you know who Don Miguel Ruiz is I do
for agreements I think there's like five
agreements now I don't think so
see if you pull up what the four
agreements are it's be impeccable with
your word always do your best
why can I not remember them see it pull
it pull them out please you got it here
we go yeah there we go
the impeccable with you were don't take
anything personally don't make
assumptions that's three that's three
where's the rest of them oh that's
hilarious but there's more than that be
impeccable with your word don't take it
anything personally don't make
assumptions always do your best though
always do your best is missing from that
for whatever reason that's hilarious so
that they oh it was only three but
that's Wikipedia get the fuck out of
Wikipedia go to that four agreements the
website right there BAM okay here you
this is it's a really good book okay and
it's very interesting because it's very
simple and they added a fifth one C be
impeccable with your word don't take
anything personally don't make
assumptions always do your best but just
those being peccable with your word very
important right yeah say what you mean
mean what you say and if you fuck up be
honest yeah yeah don't take anything
personally that's very important and
I've worked very hard to develop that in
myself that whether people saying things
about me or whether it's something that
goes wrong or someone fucked me over
I try to take a deep breath and I try to
forgive them yeah I really do I work
hard at it yeah don't make assumptions
that's another one don't make
assumptions it's not there's no value in
that and always doing your best man you
can't go wrong if you always do your
best it's one of the best things anybody
could say in life and I think the other
one he's got a new one is be skeptical
but be open to do information I think
that's what it is be skeptical but learn
to listen they're just yeah these are
great so he added one cuz he realized
yeah man I need another agreement that's
a really good a very simple book that's
not a super complicated book but those
tenants ways to live by I mean that is a
great way for people especially people
that are secular that don't believe in
religion like that is a good structure
and I think that one of the things that
religious people have an advantage in is
that they do have a moral and ethical
structure to absolutely live their life
by and if you live your life by that
look when I was young I used to think
there was something wrong with it
I always think well it's all fairy tales
and nonsense why would you believe in
that and then as I got older I realized
well no no if you just follow the tenets
of it like that's a great ethical moral
structure to live your life by yeah and
I think there's great benefit in people
and there's a lot of people that find
tremendous benefit in living life with
you know guidelines yeah guidelines on
how to be kind I mean as a Christian I
mean if you if you try to somewhat live
your life like Jesus it's hard to go
wrong you go wrong yeah I mean even if
someone doesn't believe in I would tell
people I'm like look regardless of what
you believe you can't say that that guy
is a bad example of a role model but no
one says Jesus was a dick yeah help help
people Jesus was a dick you know as
someone who's been listening to your
podcast for a long time actually that's
something that's I what you just said is
something that I've noticed a change in
actually over the years you know going
back and listening to some of some of
the older ones where I think you were a
lot more how would I put it not
aggressive but a lot less
of say like religion and religious
viewpoints yeah guilty as charged yeah
yeah and I think more recent you know
more recently over the years it's been
like okay I can I can get where that's
coming from and and what the value is
and what not well I can see a great
benefit from this podcast yeah I know
other people benefit from it but I've
experienced a great benefit and that
I've been exposed to a lot of different
points of view different personalities
different intellects and different
brilliant human beings that have very
different ideologies and I've met
brilliant people that I love and respect
that have polar opposite ideas on how
the world works yeah on both sides
I mean it's and through that I've
developed a sort of an understanding of
the various mechanisms that are at play
with why people believe what they
believe and how they benefit from
believing that and what's the pros and
cons and then I've just sort of opened
my mind up much more to various
viewpoints financial viewpoints
political viewpoints and I've developed
a much greater appreciation for the
variety of opinions and ideas yeah yeah
yeah I know this baby has been awesome
to see like I've noticed it myself and
been like ah that's that's cool I
realized how dumb I am about I mean if I
had lived my life like I'm being honest
if I had live my life without doing this
podcast I would probably be a far more
ignorant person right now in the same
place I feel like I've gotten not just
great conversations and met great people
like yourself and had a great time but
also I've been very privileged to have a
tremendous education yeah through all
these people and for for many of their
books and and right after you right now
and the other grass Tysons coming on
that's also I'm fucking pumped meet him
he's in the green room oh yeah awesome
so it's like having these incredible
people to share their knowledge and a
lifetime of learning you know they can
fill in blanks and educate you and point
you in the right direction
and also you can see the way their mind
works and then there's guys like you
know like David Goggins oh yeah who just
he realized like oh okay there's levels
to everything this fucking dude you know
he will he will make you realize that
you have more in the tank you know he
will make you realize you can do more
you can push more he fucking sends me
text messages all the time like he's
sent in one yesterday and they just come
out of the blue and like there's no
rhyme or reason there's nothing going on
no need to respond hope all's well
brother continue to live in the grip of
life as you know nothing gets done by
being a bitch stay hard brother and I
get on my fucking hands tight sweat I'm
not a bitch I'm gonna run fucking left
what's crazy dudes like I said I mean
it's all about potential man and I I
love and I'm drawn to anybody who
promotes potential and being and
becoming your best I think that's part
of why what you do here has been so
successful in so inspirational to people
all over the world because you promote
that you promote being being your best
you can be better you can be smarter you
can learn more you can be stronger you
can be wiser all of that it's the same
thing with them guys like Jordan
Peterson I think so much of his success
is it's like look you've got this
potential you can you can do this man
you know and that's the same message
I've always tried to put out through my
music and everything that I do I want to
inspire people I want to motivate people
so and I think it's so necessary right
now is so necessary people are just
floundering or spinning their wheels and
just directionless and it's kind of it's
sad to see and it's just like you know
we can all do so much more it is sad to
see but there's also a light at the end
of the tunnel because there's people
like you out there there's there's
people that are searching to improve
themselves and they're honest about
where they are right now and they're
honest about their failings and
shortcomings and they're also telling
other people about it which i think is
so important because if someone sees you
and you know you're
a guy who's on the radio or television
or maybe you're a rap star and you're
killing it you're killing it they assume
all this guy's just he just is there
he's just a winner he's just there and
then you know you could tell people
about your trials and tribulations about
your failings and shortcomings about
your thoughts and insecurities about all
the things that tripped you up and all
the things that you learn that allowed
you to advance and to be a better person
yeah that's what it's all about like all
the time every day it's about learning
how to be a better person and there's no
finish line doesn't mean even the
fucking Dalai Lama pay attention but he
got cancelled recently and you know the
Dalai Lama oh yeah I said some slightly
section 80 year old man who was picked
to be the Dalai Lama was gonna be a
female they need to attract him no one
wants to no one wants to look at an ugly
faces ugly face like dude he's an 80
year old human being that's what he is
and he's also a guy with he's never had
a real job he's never had to perform and
I mean there's there's a lot of people
up there that can do better and they
know they can do better and they just
lack the tools and they lack the
understanding and I think a person like
yourself or hopefully me and then
certainly a lot of the people that I've
had on the podcast they can give people
an example yeah and they can say oh this
guy used to be a loser and he figured
out how to not be I can do like you look
at Goggins used to be 300 pounds of fat
and eatin milkshakes and then it becomes
as fucking maniac who runs 100 mile
races day after day you know you you can
do something extraordinary with your
life and you don't have to be the guy
who pushes himself physically to you're
almost dead and you don't have to be the
guy that writes the most books you mean
yeah but you could find your thing
whatever your thing is whether it's just
being a better father or a husband or a
friend or a bit better at your job or
better at your craft whatever it is man
we can all be better you can all be
better and that's how you make society
better world better right that's it to
be your good man thank you sir thank you
so much man and everybody this is
available yeah perseverance my new album
right now it's available right now
iTunes Spotify Google Play everywhere
cast also real talks with zoobi is out
right now I'm a subscriber and my strong
advice you can get that at join team zu
be calm all right thank you brother
appreciate you being here
bye everybody
[Music]